related_projects: add a page for related projects (#209)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: documentation/related_projects/index.markdown

---

> author: davetcoleman

Reviewer: change author

comments: false

> date: 2016-11-02 20:00:00+00:00

Reviewer: update date

layout: page
slug: related_projects
title: Related Projects
---

> # Related Projects Aligned with MoveIt! Framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MoveIt! Related Projects
```

more concise title :)

MoveIt! is designed to be easily extensible as separate plugins or projects. Below is a list of related projects that have been aligned with MoveIt! framework, in alphabetical order of project names.

## bio_ik

> MoveIt kinematics_base plugin based on particle optimization & GA. For ease of use and compatibility with existing code, the bio-ik algorithm is encapsulated as a Moveit kinematics plugin. Therefore, bio-ik can be used as a direct replacement of the default Orocos/KDL-based IK solver. Given the name of an end-effector and a 6-DOF target pose, bio-ik will search a valid robot joint configuration that reaches the given target. [More Info](https://github.com/TAMS-Group/bio_ik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A MoveIt! kinematics_base plugin based on particle optimization & GA. For ease of use and compatibility with existing code, the bio-ik algorithm is encapsulated as a Moveit kinematics plugin. Therefore, bio-ik can be used as a direct replacement of the default Orocos/KDL-based IK solver. Given the name of an end-effector and a 6-DOF target pose, bio-ik will search a valid robot joint configuration that reaches the given target. [More Info](https://github.com/TAMS-Group/bio_ik)
```

Reviewer: Expand acronym "GA"

## descartes

> ROS-Industrial Special Project: Cartesian Path Planner. Descartes is a ROS-Industrial project for performing path-planning on under-defined Cartesian trajectories. Descartes uses trajectory points, robot models, and planners to generate an joint-trajectory that complies with the constraints of a given process. [More Info](https://github.com/ros-industrial-consortium/descartes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROS-Industrial Special Project: Cartesian Path Planner. Descartes performs path-planning on under-defined Cartesian trajectories. It uses trajectory points, robot models, and planners to generate an joint-trajectory that complies with the constraints of a given process. [More Info](https://github.com/ros-industrial-consortium/descartes)
```

## industrial_moveit

> This stack is part of the ROS Industrial program. It currently contains packages that are meant for use with the MoveIt packages. [More Info](https://github.com/ros-industrial/industrial_moveit)

Reviewer: This package is deprecated and being split into just a ``stomp`` package. I don't think it should be mentioned here

## moveit_grasps

> Geometric grasping generator library for cuboids https://picknik.ai/. A basic grasp generator for objects such as blocks or cylinders for use with the MoveIt! pick and place pipeline. Does not consider friction cones or other dynamics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geometric grasping generator library for cuboids. A basic grasp generator for objects such as blocks or cylinders for use with the MoveIt! pick and place pipeline. Does not consider friction cones or other dynamics.
```

Its current implementation takes as input a pose vector (postition and orientation) and generates a large number of potential grasp approaches and directions. Also includes a grasp filter for removing kinematically infeasible grasps via threaded IK solvers. [More Info](	https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/moveit_grasps)

> ## moveit_task_constructor

Reviewer: the moveit_task_constructor and moveit_visual_tools are part of MoveIt! and live in ros-planning, so should not be listed here but rather http://moveit.ros.org/documentation/source-code-api/

---
author: sharronliu
comments: false
date: 2018-10-24 20:00:00+00:00
layout: page
slug: related_projects
title: Related Projects
---

# Moveit! Related Projects

MoveIt! is designed to be easily extensible as separate plugins or projects. Below is a list of related projects that have been aligned with the MoveIt! framework, in alphabetical order of project names. This is by no means exhaustive. Please create pull-requests in the repository [moveit.ros.org](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit.ros.org) to *add* other projects related to MoveIt!. Or if not sure about the relevance, please post on the [ROS Discourse category](https://discourse.ros.org/c/moveit).

## bio_ik
A MoveIt! kinematics_base plugin based on Particle Optimization & Genetic Algorithms. For ease of use and compatibility with existing code, the bio-ik algorithm is encapsulated as a Moveit kinematics plugin. Therefore, bio-ik can be used as a direct replacement of the default Orocos/KDL-based IK solver. Given the name of an end-effector and a 6-DOF target pose, bio-ik will search a valid robot joint configuration that reaches the given target. [More Info](https://github.com/TAMS-Group/bio_ik)

> <img src="/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/bio_ik.png" height="500"/>

Author: moved images from the "wordpress" folder to the "assets/images/related_projects" folder.
